MICK: Fine. Just fine.
JON: What now?
MICK: My mother she wants me home at 11:00.
JON: Eleven? Tonight? Are you sure she didn't mean 11:00 tomorrow morning?
MICK: Very funny. C'mon.
JON: What do you mean, "C'mon"?
MICK: Well I have got to leave so lets go.
JON: Mick, I don't have to be home by 11:00. You do. I am staying. The party is just beginning and I don't feel like leaving now. Hand me that celery.
MICK: What are you doing?
JON: I told James I would help him with the food for this party, and I am helping. You said you would help, too.
MICK: That was before my Mom said I had to get home.
JON: Whatever. You want to get those crackers so I can put this disgusting whiz stuff on them. I can't believe people eat this stuff.
MICK: You are staying?
JON: I told you I was.
MICK: Than how are you planing on getting home? You came in my car.
JON: Maybe I will stay at Steves house tonight. Why did you even call your mom, anyway?

MICK: Because she wants to know where I am when I leave from one place to another.
JON: Oh, brother.
MICK: She worries.
JON: That is just stupid. You're not a child anymore.
MICK: Try telling her that.
JON: I don't see why you put up with it.
MICK: What choice do I have?
JON: Just tell her. Say, "Mom, I am 18, in college now, not high school.”
MICK: Then she'll come back with the old, "My house, my rules” line.
JON: I don't know why you put up with it.
MICK: Believe me, I have thought many times of just running away. Maybe if I shake her up, she'll realize the problems.
JON: Running away?
MICK: Yes. Just one day take a bag of clothes, hop into my car, and take off for about two weeks. No note, nothing. Just leave.
JON: Mick, that's just stupid.
MICK: Why? It would do my mom good to have a little bit of a scare. Maybe she'd realize how wrong she is to treat me this way if she thought I had taken off.
JON: Mick, running away is stupid.
MICK: How would you know what it's like? You've always had a great relationship with your parents.
JON: That's because they trust me. I wouldn't do anything stupid like run away. Besides, my parents and I talk. We communicate.
MICK: Fine, then I will talk to her and see what happens. But if that doesn't work, I'm out of there.
JON: Fine, but you don't run away. 
MICK: What do you mean?
JON: Mick, you are 18, You're in college. You move out.

MICK: Move out?
JON: Yes. You say, "Mom, Dad, I am moving out." Children run away. Adults move out.
MICK: But, Jon, then it would be for real.
JON: Well, what do you want?
MICK: I want to stay out past 11:00 without having to get permission or feel guilty for not calling.
JON: Then move out.
MICK: But how?
JON: You just do it. I did it.
MICK: But you work.
JON: That's also part of being an adult.
MICK: Wow. Move out, huh?
JON: You know, Sean is planning on getting married to Rita next summer, so they're thinking of moving in together now. You can take his room if he does move in with her, that way I don't have to look for a new roommate.
MICK: Sean is getting married?
JON: Yeah. To Rita.
MICK: But he's only a few years older than us.
JON: He's 21. When he gets married, he'll be 22.
MICK: Married. Wow.
JON: It's what grownups do. That and move out.
MICK: But how could I? I mean, I go to college.
JON: So do I. I work and go to school.
MICK: But that's almost all you do.
JON: I have fun... not as much as you, but I have responsibilities.
MICK: How many hours do you work during a week?
JON: Usually 30, sometimes 40.
MICK: Jeez, that's almost full time, plus school.
JON: Yeah, but I like it. I live on my own, don't answer to anyone. And I don't have to be home at 11:00.
MICK: My mom would freak if I told her I was moving out.

JON: Think again.
MICK: What does that mean?
JON: I was talking to your mom last week, when I called and you were at the mall spending HER money, I might add. We had an interesting little talk.
MICK: What did she say?
JON: She asked me when I thought you would finally grow up and get out. Believe me, she wants you out as bad as you want to leave. Probably more so.
MICK: I can't believe that. Why would she say that?
JON: Because you need to grow up. The only reason she has you call and she wants you home early is because she worries. If you moved out, she wouldn't have to worry because you would be gone.
MICK: She WANTS me to move out?
JON: All parents feel that way after a while.
MICK: If I decided to, you're sure I could move in with you?
JON: As long as you follow the rules.
MICK: Very funny.
JON: I'm not kidding.
MICK: What rules?
JON: Don't leave your garbage all over the place, leave my clothes alone, provide your own food, clean up the kitchen, no dishes left in the sink, turn off lights when you leave a room...
MICK: I might as well stay at home.
JON: Yeah, and there it's free. Your part of the rent would be $255 a month, not including utilities.
MICK: I'd have to work.
JON: It's called growing up. It happens to all of us.
MICK: So, Sean is really going to get married?
JON: So he says.
MICK: Twenty-two? Married? It seems like yesterday we were all still in high school.

JON: It was only last year, Mick.
MICK: Yeah, but things are getting so different.
JON: Things change. People change. Have you seen Kara lately?
MICK: No. Is she coming tonight?
JON: I think so.
MICK: I'm calling my mom and telling her I'm staying a little longer. I want to see her. And you and I can talk about me moving in.
JON: Sounds good.
MICK: (Going to the phone) Kara, I haven't seen her since she graduated. That was, what, three years ago?
JON: She's changed.
MICK: How? Greatest body on the cheer squad in the history of the school. And beautiful.
JON: She's still beautiful. Has that certain glow about her.
MICK: What glow?
JON: The one pregnant married ladies get at about the sixth month.
MICK: What?
JON: Like I said, we change.
MICK: I guess so. Hi, mom?